Are you okay, Inumaki?
Salmon.
It's coming!
Stop!
Convergence, Piercing Blood!
He hurt it with his technique.
So he wasn't serious when he fought me?
Hurry up! It will heal itself soon!
Let Inumaki stop it,
then we'll attack and gain distance.
We'll rinse and repeat
to escape out of the Veil,
and meet with the principal and others.
But we don't know
if we can keep doing this.
The Cursed Speech
is becoming less effective.
And there's no time
to contact any teacher.
If that thing finds a way
to deal with Cursed Speech,
then it's over.
Hurry up!
We don't know its motive, too.
The principal and other Jujutsu Sorcerers
may not be coming just yet.
We have to find Todo.
Or at the very least,
we should meet up with Miwa.
Inumaki will stop it,
so don't worry and go!
Stop--
Have we reached our limit first?
Are you alive, Kamo?
Inumaki's throat already gave out
even without using powerful words.
This shows that…
the enemy's far superior.
Leaf mustard.
Inumaki, you can't…
Blast Away!
This blunt sword cannot hurt me at all.
The tree branch in its eye socket
is more fragile.
This katana is not too bad.
I have something even better.
Although using it makes me feel disgusted.
Cursed Tools are weapons
infused with cursed energy.
The power and potency
of these Cursed Tools
are categorized into four grades,
just like Jujutsu Sorcerers.
The higher the grade,
the greater the advantage granted
to the user in a sorcery battle.
You must not lose this, Megumi.
I won't lose it.
It's worth at least 500 million yen.
What?
Special-Grade Cursed Tool, Playful Cloud!
That attack wasn't too bad.
Divine Dog…
With the exception
of The Well's Unknown Abyss,
if the shikigami
from my Ten Shadows Technique
is completely destroyed,
they will never manifest again.
But the cursed technique and power
left by the destroyed shikigami…
will be inherited by other shikigami.
…Totality!
It's fast.
Are they planning
to finish my injured arm first?
The young Jujutsu Sorcerer
is in the forest.
It's that boy's sword.
Maki!
Don't ever make me use
that three-sectioned staff again.
It's too hard to use.
It's useful when you're used--
Megumi!
Maki!
Darn it! I was too careless!
I aimed it at your heart.
Your reflexes are outstanding.
Jujutsu Sorcerers are truly emotional.
They are full of openings
when their allies are hurt.
Is it destroyed? It can't be.
Megumi's cursed technique
has been dispelled.
You better stop using cursed techniques.
The sprouts in your body
love cursed energy the most.
The more cursed technique you use,
the bigger it grows inside your body.
Thank you for your explanation.
You plan to kill me anyway.
I heard that it's more effective
after the explanation.
You move well.
But your movements
aren't as sharp as before.
I have to squeeze out cursed energy,
even if my stomach explodes.
Unlike everyone else,
I choose who I will protect.
I have the least to lose.
So…
I'm not allowed to fall
before anyone else does!
Don't do it, Megumi!
Our work ends here.
It's time to tag out.
What?
Can you do it, my friend?
Yes!
You're so heavy.
I didn't expect these two
to end up in this condition.
I'm counting on you, Todo.
You're nothing else but powerful.
Don't, Itadori.
That's not something we…
Panda.
Yes.
Take them, and leave the Veil.
Nishimiya said that this Veil
is aimed at Satoru Gojo.
We can go in and out anytime.
-Wait. Even if it's you--
-Fushiguro!
What?
It will be okay.
Please.
It seems that you noticed.
Someone growing out of his shell
cannot be touched by anyone else.
That's what is happening to Itadori now.
If you die again, I will kill you.
Come on. Let's go.
Panda sprint!
Guess that means I can't die.
I won't intervene,
Itadori.
Not until you manage to use Black Flash.
If you're unable to use Black Flash,
then I'll be prepared to watch you die.
Got it!
That's Sukuna's vessel…
and who's that man?
He's bold, but based on
his amount of cursed energy,
he's definitely weaker than me.
But he has enigmatic strength.
Does he have a powerful cursed technique?
I shouldn't be reckless for now.
Besides, what is this "Black Flash"?
Now then, what will they do?
Can you talk?
I have a question for you.
Among your comrades,
is there a patch-faced Cursed Spirit?
What if I say yes?
You're vigilant when closing the distance.
This is commendable.
He's fast.
He has more momentum
than that girl just now.
However, he has weak power.
Its torso is defenseless.
It underestimated me
because of my weak attack!
This will work!
Black Flash!
It's coming.
Darn it!
My friend.
Anger is an important trigger
for Jujutsu Sorcerers.
Sometimes, angering your opponent
can make them perform worse.
The same goes vice versa.
Anger can mess up your cursed energy,
making you lose
without showing your true strength.
Got that?
Your friend was injured,
and more importantly, they interrupted
your honeymoon with me, your best friend.
I can understand
how angry you are right now.
But this anger is too much for you.
Suppress it now.
Are they fighting among themselves?
Did the distractions get drowned out?
Yes.
They vanished without a trace.
Thank you so much, best friend!
Black Flash.
It is a distortion in space
that occurs when cursed energy
is applied with 0.000001 seconds
of a physical hit.
On average, the force of strike
is raised 2.5 times.
No Jujutsu Sorcerer is capable
of using it at will.
However,
for those who have experienced
and not experienced Black Flash,
there's a huge difference between
the distance to their cursed energy cores.
What immense concentration.
At the moment when the cursed energy
collides with the strike
within less than 0.000001 seconds…
Space will be distorted.
The cursed energy flashes black!
Black Flash!
What?
You did it.
He did it.
That was Black Flash?
What's this?
This cursed energy is mine, right?
You just understood
the taste of cursed energy.
Until now,
you were just throwing
unfamiliar ingredients
into the pot and stewing them
based on your feelings.
But with Black Flash,
you now understand the taste
of the ingredient known as cursed energy.
As a chef,
you're now a different person
from who you were three seconds ago.
You can become stronger.
I heard that Sukuna's vessel
was just a subpar sorcerer.
On top of that, that mysterious man…
They are somewhat different
from the others.
It can heal itself?
A Cursed Spirit's body
is made with cursed energy.
Unlike us, they don't need advanced
reversal cursed technique to heal.
For a Special-Grade,
this kind of injury is nothing.
But it can undoubtedly
use up its cursed energy.
It's game over once you crush its head.
Come, let's start cooking!
It appears that…
I have to be more serious
when dealing with the both of you.
What a wide attack range.
Don't be scared!
It's sacrificing its power and speed.
It's so heavy.
It's not as powerful
as that Black Flash just now,
but their respective powers
can indeed hurt me.
Todo, let's match our timing better!
Got it!
What?
Our footing…
We're too careless.
That thing was so huge,
I thought it was controlling real plants
with its cursed energy.
Turns out that everything was
just manifested using cursed energy!
As expected from a Special-Grade!
Appreciate how precious the earth is.
Attacking us while we're falling?
That's sick!
However…
They dodged that?
But what's going on?
What is this feeling?
You should be more honest, Hanami.
I'm not hiding anything.
I don't mean that you're a liar.
I know why you fight.
But I think you should learn
to enjoy the process more,
which is fighting.
Do you enjoy fighting, Mahito?
Kind of.
However…
The joy and happiness
that I feel in a fight
only became my motivation recently.
Once I realized,
deception, cheating, and killing…
They started to give me satisfaction.
Like how human beings eat,
sleep, and commit violence,
I guess this is the nature of us curses.
We may have gained rationality.
But this is no reason for us
to go against our instinct.
The soul is a mixture
of instinct and rationality.
Others should not criticize
your mixing ratio.
However, I believe your soul
feels a little restrained.
Hanami…
You're actually stronger, right?
It hurts…
Todo!
I'm okay.
It used up a lot of cursed energy.
This is the time to destroy it!
You monster!
Mahito.
I am…
enjoying…
this fight now!
Are you okay, brother?
-No problem!
-Good. In that case…
It's time to unleash my cursed technique.
-Juju Stroll!
Clothing rack!
I can make an amazing clothing rack.
Hey, how does Satoru Gojo's
clothing rack look like?
It should be a single-pole clothing rack.
The sacrum will be the stand.
Using the hip bone
with the coccyx as a base,
I'll fix it with processed thigh bone.
For the spine,
I'll use the lumbar and thoracic vertebra,
all the way
until the third cervical vertebra.
As for the length, well…
Jindaikusu wood would be good.
I'll use Jindaikusu wood
to create spine replicas
and insert them in between
to increase the height.
I'll observe the overall balance,
and lengthen the spinous
and transverse process to make hooks.
I should also use Jindaikusu wood here
to make it look like I'm grafting.
Depending on the brain color,
I can also use it to wrap around
like suede leather.
Wow! It's going to be so good.
I can make an amazing clothing rack!
I don't want that.